[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Do we
have a celestial team
of angels just
waiting to help us
create our best life possible?
Corin Grillo believes so.
She's the author of
"The Angel Experiment"
and the founder of
the Angel Alchemy
Academy, a trained
psychotherapist,
angel channeler,
healer and teacher.
Corin has also helped thousands
of people all over the planet
go from angel curious
to angel empowered.
Corin, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>CORIN GRILLO: Oh,
thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved with dealing
with the angelic realm?
>>GRILLO: Well--
>>NOORY: My God.
>>GRILLO: --I know.
>>NOORY: It probably
is my God, right?
>>GRILLO: Essentially,
it is my God.
Yeah, it really
happened abruptly.
It was not something
I was looking out for.
I really struggled a
lot with depression.
I had a really rough childhood.
And even though I managed to
somewhat keep my life together,
I really struggled hard, mostly
for the first three decades.
>>NOORY: Really?
That long?
>>GRILLO: Yes, yes.
Yeah, back then
my only prayer was
that that day would be my last.
>>NOORY: No.
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
And even though I had
a beautiful child,
and a wonderful
husband, and I had
a house, and a great
education, and all of those
"things," the recipes that--
>>NOORY: For
happiness, they say.
>>GRILLO: --for happiness that
are our culture teaches us,
it just got worse and
worse the older I got.
And I always had a
great way of presenting
that I was OK on the outside.
So a lot of people
didn't know what
I was actually struggling with.
But one day a friend of mine
bought me an angel healing,
an angel reading.
I didn't know what that was.
I just thought, oh,
let's go see a psychic.
And she didn't know
that at the time,
I was drinking about a fifth
of tequila every two days.
I was--
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
Yeah, I could throw them
back when I want to, right?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GRILLO: So I was
definitely doing that.
>>NOORY: With the lime and salt?
You did all that?
>>GRILLO: I did it all.
I did it all.
So the tequila.
And I was on anti-depressants
and Adderall and just really--
>>NOORY: Bad combination.
>>GRILLO: --doing
everything I could.
Yeah, doing everything I
could just to function.
And ironically, at the time--
>>NOORY: You were trying
to escape, not function.
>>GRILLO: Well, in my
mind, it was what I
needed to wake up the next day.
And ironically, I was a
psychotherapist, right?
So I was--
>>NOORY: You were a
psychotherapist at the time--
>>GRILLO: At that time.
>>NOORY: --taking a fifth
of tequila every other day--
>>GRILLO: Anti-depressants--
>>NOORY: --anti-depressants--
>>GRILLO: --Adderall
>>NOORY: --and meds,
Adderall, and all that?
>>GRILLO: Yes.
>>NOORY: Geez.
>>GRILLO: Yeah,
so that was really
what I was having to deal with.
>>NOORY: You obviously didn't
listen to your own advice.
>>GRILLO: No, I didn't.
I didn't.
But was amazing is I
could give great advice.
And I could see and support
so many people at the time.
But when it came
to myself, I still
had an incredibly
low self-esteem.
And really, the
demons from my past--
I had never really
fully coped with.
And so I was
coping, doing what I
could to take the next
step in life and again,
secretly wishing that
each day would be my last.
And I was doing pretty
dangerous things,
maybe hoping I could at least
get hospitalized and catch
a break.
And now, none of
this was conscious.
I was just going through it.
So that's what was
happening in reality.
At the time, I was working as a
county mental health counselor
rescuing gangbangers
off the street.
It was a high stress job and
really hard to feel successful.
>>NOORY: Sure.
Thankless, too.
Sadly.
>>GRILLO: Thankless,
but the people
have always been beautiful.
And I did it for the
people, but I was not taking
care of this thing right here.
>>NOORY: So who bought
you an angel reading?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, a
good friend of mine.
She was one of my best
friends at the time.
And it was my birthday.
So she didn't know what
I was going through--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GRILLO: --like
most people didn't.
And so I went to
this angel healing.
And right away the lady
started talking to me about--
>>NOORY: What's
an angel healing?
>>GRILLO: So an angel
reading, angel healing--
I didn't know what
it was at the time.
But it's essentially
you go to a person.
And they open up the portal
between you and the angels.
And they started giving
messages and eventually went
into an energy healing
or an angel healing.
So right away, she
started telling me this--
pretty amazing things about
myself that she shouldn't know
and actually, nobody
knew, except--
>>NOORY: Nobody knew but you.
>>GRILLO: --for me.
Yeah.
And then I couldn't deny it.
I wanted to.
I was like, well, I didn't
come here to talk about that.
But she wanted to talk
about it, so we did.
And so when we sat for
the energy healing,
I could really feel
something change in the room.
I could feel energy
or like electricity.
>>NOORY: Did you believe
in angels prior to that?
>>GRILLO: I wouldn't say
I believed in angels.
I did not deny angels.
I thought it was a possibility
if you know what I mean.
So I was open to the notion.
But I didn't know what I was
about to find out about angels.
And so when I left that session,
she said talk to the angels
as if they're real.
And I said, OK,
I'll give it a shot.
Because I felt so much
better already, George.
I could feel a
difference in my body.
>>NOORY: Really?
Good.
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
Yeah, I felt better.
>>NOORY: It worked
that fast on you?
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, that's the
thing about angels.
They work.
And I didn't know that.
So she said talk to the
angels as if they're real,
and that's what I did.
And almost right away,
incredible synchronicities
started happening.
Wherever I look,
there's angel wings.
I remember saying, angels,
show me that you're real.
And I saw this truck drive by
with big angel wings on it.
And it was Angels
Laundry Service.
>>NOORY: Perfect timing, right?
>>GRILLO: Right.
But it was happening
over and over.
>>NOORY: Little messages
that were popping up.
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
And it's so easy
to discount these.
So in the beginning, I
was still like, OK, maybe
that's really angels,
but maybe not.
And so a few days
of this went on.
And I started feeling
better and better.
And by day three, something even
more extraordinary happened.
Not only was I already
feeling better and happy
and seeing the
synchronicities, but I
was driving through the
hood in Pacoima in LA.
I think you know where that is.
>>NOORY: Know it well.
Home of Ritchie
Valens by the way.
>>GRILLO: Right.
Yeah, so I'm driving
through the hood.
And a bird dropped from the
sky, landed on the ground.
And I was on my way
to a client's house.
And the bird was
about pigeon size.
And I see the bird.
I drive around it.
And I notice it's got
this mangled wing.
And it's pushing itself
with the other arm
or with the other wing.
And I didn't know what to do.
So I used my new trick,
which was talking to angels.
And I said, hey, angels, help
this bird, because I can't.
Because I don't know anything
about birds, plus I'm on my way
to a client's house.
Help this bird.
And as I drove around it, I
kept sending it some good juju.
And as I look in
the rearview mirror,
I saw the bird kind of shimmy
on the ground a little bit.
And I kept watching, so
I stopped the car again.
I kept watching.
And as I watched, I
saw a small bird jump
up from the body of that bird,
probably about 2 or 3 inches,
about this big, jump up
from the body of the bird,
fly away, then a second bird--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>GRILLO: --jump up from the
body of the bird and fly away.
And then a third one
jumped off there.
>>NOORY: You were
getting tuned in.
>>GRILLO: I don't know what
the heck was happening,
but it was very notable.
So I didn't care that I was
in the middle of the hood.
I decided to get out
of the car and go look
to see if the body of the
bird was still on the ground.
It was gone.
And I could feel the static
electricity and this--
it's a word beyond love
that was enveloping me.
And I knew that I was in
the presence of a miracle.
I know I had just
witnessed [INAUDIBLE]..
>>NOORY: Doreen Virtue
is a clairvoyant doctor.
And she has been on the Gaia
program called "Inspirations."
And she talked about where
angels may actually come from.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Where do those
voices come from?
Where do these angels come from?
- Well, in the ultimate
spiritual truth, we're one.
There's only one
spirit, one love.
We're one with the creator.
We're one with angels.
But in this world of separation
and illusion that we're in,
these guides come in as
connectors, as messengers.
That's what angels
mean, after all.
And so they help us to bridge
the world of 100% love, which
is where we're really from.
And that's what I define God as.
And then our world that has
a duality of fear and love--
the angels are the
bridge between the two.
- Because we live in a
physical dimension, what
about this physical
dimension that we're in--
has that polarity
of fear and love?
Why is that?
- It's the density.
And it's the original
ego that said,
wouldn't it be cool
if I could be God
and I could be in charge?
And it's like a teenage
kid who runs away from home
and gets their own
apartment, but wants
parents to still pay for it.
That's what the ego is.
- So it's reveling
with ourselves.
It's being a rebellion
against ourself.
- The ego wants to be God.
And so the ego wants
us to worship fear
and gives us all
sorts of scenarios,
including thinking
that other people are
worse than you or other
people are better than you.
That's the main thing it
does with level confusion.
- I love how you bring in
the psychology with what
you're talking about
with the angelic realm.
Because it makes
it so practical.
For some reason, it brings
it to a grounded reality.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: And that was our own
Lisa Garr with Doreen Virtue.
What do you think
of that, the fact
that where angels may come
from these other dimensions?
>>GRILLO: Yes.
Well, I do agree that they
come from other dimensions,
or that the original
source is God or creator
or whatever you want to call it.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GRILLO: And then
from that point,
it begins to separate,
separate, separate
into different emanations.
And so angels are one
of the beautiful beings
that have come from that.
Something else that
was interesting
is that there's angels
that really are here
to connect us with source,
connect us with love,
and connect us with our own
sovereign truth as a divinity
here on Earth.
But I also have a
different insight
about the dark side or
the demons, if you will,
that are the polar
opposite of angels.
And so one of the
things I have been shown
is that sometimes it's not
just like the Bible says,
and that I believe that there
is, in a sense, a grand plan,
and that those energies
were originally designed
to help separate us, to keep
us separate from spirit,
from God, but not in a bad way.
But it's so that we could
experience the other.
And so you need a
different energy in there
to make it a separation
between source and the other.
So I believe that
there's a plan for--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GRILLO: --all of that.
But sometimes the darkness
has gone out of control.
It's darkness gone
wild kind of thing.
>>NOORY: Your book is called
"The Angel Experiment."
And it's a 21-day
experimental guide to what?
>>GRILLO: Guide to connect
with angels that can help you
connect with light and source.
>>NOORY: Why does
it take 21 days?
Why can't we do it in two?
>>GRILLO: Right.
And so it's a 21-day
practice so that we
can learn how to really
dig into a daily ritual
to help open up our
lives to the beauty
and to the love that is
available to all of us.
And it was through
my daily practice
that I was able to
really integrate
and activate my own
life, my own freedom
and through the daily practice
and the work that I do,
that now thousands of
people are doing and finding
that the reality
of angels is real.
It's not just a philosophy,
or a theory, or a mythology.
>>NOORY: What is the experiment?
>>GRILLO: The experiment is
sitting daily with an open mind
and walking through these
exercises and practices
that I put in the
book that work.
And so in the beginning, it's
an invocation and a prayer.
And then I walk you
through exercises
where angels can come in and
start the energy healing, which
was so essential for me.
And that's what dialed
me into the angel world
and to miracles.
>>NOORY: One of my
favorite movies--
"It's a Wonderful Life"
with Jimmy Stewart.
And it's a movie
about he was a banker
and something went
horribly wrong.
And he wanted to kill himself.
And he was ready to jump
into an icy, frigid river.
And he's standing on the bridge.
And he sees an angel drowning.
He didn't think it was
an angel, of course.
And he jumps in and
he saves this angel
from drowning, who was
pretending to be drowning,
so George Bailey
you could save him.
And it was an amazing story.
You have to look at
the movie in order
to really appreciate an angel.
But do we all have
guardian angels?
>>GRILLO: Yes, so far
everyone I've seen.
Even the, quote unquote, "worst"
people out there have angels.
And it's really just a
matter of whether or not
we're going to listen to the
beautiful voice inside of us,
the one that's guiding
us to have a better life,
or to set ourselves free, or
to break out of whatever prison
we're in, whether it's a
financial prison, a health
prison, an emotional prison.
But, yes, we all have guardians.
And we all have usually
at least one protector,
an angel that's
there to protect us,
and then another one
that's more nurturing,
that's comforting us.
>>NOORY: How do we summon them?
Or are they always there?
>>GRILLO: They're always there.
That's what I didn't know.
They are always there.
And they're ready
to work for us.
And essentially, it's going to
be up to us and our free will
to invite them in.
So there's lots of different
ways to talk to angels.
You can do casually all day
long, just you're driving.
I like also-- the
most powerful way
that I've learned how
to speak with angels,
communicate with angels is
through ritual and invocation.
And that really opens a portal
between you and the divine.
>>NOORY: Prayer?
Same thing?
>>GRILLO: Prayer and invocation
are a little different.
Prayer is like,
help me, help me.
And invocation is more--
>>NOORY: Say that again.
>>GRILLO: Help me.
Like that.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: You sound like we're
at a revival some where.
>>GRILLO: That's what I mean.
I mean-- but prayer
has sometimes
a certain energy that's
more desperate sometimes.
An invocation is like
you as a magician
standing, embracing your own
divine nature and activating,
calling on a higher
power still, but doing
it to help support and activate
something inside of you that's
powerful and potent.
And that's the big difference
that I found over the years
in working in this way is
becoming your own ceremonialist
as opposed to depending on
someone else standing up
on a pulpit to be the
ceremonialist for you.
I feel we have to bring this
work into our own lives,
and create a sacred place, and
start it inside of our lives
on the daily to
really invite it in.
>>NOORY: And angels take
different forms and shapes
of other beings in order to get
you to accept what's happening.
Because I had a story where
an individual was basically
committing suicide.
He called me up on my radio
show in St. Louis years ago.
And he said, I was done.
George, I was done.
And I wanted to find
the place that I
was going to shoot myself.
And so I got in my car.
And I drove for about an hour.
And I saw on the side of a
road a little lake with ducks
hitting it and coming out.
And I said that's
where I wanted to die.
And I went there.
And there was a little
bench right by the lake.
And I was going to
sit there on the bench
and shoot myself in my head.
I was depressed about my
life, my job, my girlfriend.
Nothing was working for me.
And he was ready to do it.
And he said while I was there,
this old farmer comes by
and sits down next to me.
And he's wearing his coveralls
and things like that.
And the guy wouldn't shut up.
He's talking to me for an
hour about everything at life,
his corn stocks, all this.
But you know what?
I felt so good.
I went back to St. Louis.
He made me feel good.
And I got a new job,
got a new relationship.
I felt great.
A year later, I decided I
want to go back to that farmer
and thank him.
He saved my life.
But he didn't get his full name.
All he knew was he
was in a little town.
So he said the barber will know.
Got to.
So he goes to the barber shop.
And there are a couple
of guys in there
that the barber was working on.
And he said, excuse me, sir,
but I was here a year ago.
And he said yes.
And he said, I'm
looking for this guy.
He looks like this.
And he says, oh, you
want to go to the house
on the top of the hill.
Talk to his daughter.
And he said the way he
talked to me-- it sounded
like something had happened.
But he said, I
went to the house.
I knocked on the door.
This lady comes.
And I said, excuse
me, but I wanted
to thank your father
for something.
The barber told me about you.
A year ago, he saved my life.
And she said stop right there.
Dad died 15 years ago.
>>GRILLO: Oh, goodness.
Wow.
>>NOORY: Angels do
that, don't they?
>>GRILLO: Yes, they're very
creative from what I found.
>>NOORY: Why are you crying?
>>GRILLO: Why not?
It's a beautiful story.
>>NOORY: It's a great story.
>>GRILLO: It's a
beautiful story.
And in my new
career after moving
from being a
psychotherapist, now
into being essentially
an angel advocate
or as angel ambassador,
I am in a unique position
to really hear so many beautiful
stories just like that.
And there's so many people out
there that are suffering just
like that man.
And we have so much
love and support.
And the fact--
>>NOORY: I don't know
if I should hug you.
You're making me cry.
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
We're not alone.
And I think that's so much
of what my book is about,
my work is about.
And it really touches
me-- this story.
Because there's so many people
out there right now, George,
that don't know how
loved they are and don't
know that just this moment could
be the moment where everything
turns around.
>>NOORY: Regina Meredith spoke
with channeler Joan Walker
about communicating with angels.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- It's true.
But most people say,
oh, that's all cool.
But once they get there, I don't
know how to hear them anyway.
That's probably the most
common retort to that, is--
- Exactly.
- --how am I supposed to know
what they're saying to me?
And that's why when we--
when I was thinking about
this topic, I thought,
why not ask the guides
how we're supposed--
and rather than
us telling people
our particular method
of connecting with them,
why not ask them on the other
side how we best reach them?
And it seems like a
great conversation.
- It is a great conversation,
but it's a very individualized
experience.
- Yes.
- And it isn't taken lightly.
It doesn't mean that
everyone has the ability
to be a channel, or a mystic
in some way, a medium.
But you do have the
ability to communicate
with the source of who you are.
And this takes private time.
And a lot of people
aren't willing to do that.
- It's a process.
- They get into the magic of it.
And it's not.
It's about building
a relationship--
- Absolutely.
--just like you do
with a close friend.
- Yes.
- So that's the first
and most important thing.
- It is.
And everybody gets
there a different way.
- Exactly.
And it may be five
minutes out of your day.
It may be 10 minutes, whatever.
- It may take you 20 years to
create the relationship itself.
- Really, in these
times, not really.
If you are diligent, it
happens very quickly.
Now, that doesn't mean that you
hear voices, you see visions.
But you will have inspiration.
You will have thoughts
that come to you.
It's important that you write
those down and then look back
on it.
Wait a week or two weeks
and then read your journal.
There's a wealth of information.
The ideas and
thoughts come to you.
Feelings come to you.
You have to pay attention.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Sometimes, Corin,
you ask for an angel
and it doesn't appear.
How come?
>>GRILLO: Yes.
It's not that it doesn't appear.
It's just that our
awareness isn't such
that we're seeing them all the
time, right here, right now.
So we may not actually
be aware of them.
But they're always
right here, right now.
And the more that you
increase your sensitivity
to things like energy or the
presence of energy, the more
that you can actually
experience them.
Now, we may not always
get what we ask for.
Because sometimes we don't
ask for the right things.
And sometimes these
things take a while.
But the work that I've
done over the years
in working with angels
is that every time
you communicate with an
angel, it doesn't go unheard.
It's just-- it's processing.
>>NOORY: What's the easiest way
to communicate with an angel?
>>GRILLO: The
easiest way is just
to communicate with
an angel like they're
just right here, right now
with you, just as a friend,
like she was saying.
What I didn't know is
that they're not off
in heaven, playing harps
and doing all that stuff.
>>NOORY: And they
don't all have wings.
>>GRILLO: No, they don't.
Although, I've seen
some with wings.
But however they look, sometimes
it's just a sparkle of light,
or a presence, or a feeling.
But they're always there.
And the best way to
just talk to them.
Is just they're right
there, right now.
And you can actually
ask them to show you
or to help you feel them.
Because a lot of times, you
can have them touch you,
or to hold your
hand, or whatever.
You'll notice a
change in energy.
>>NOORY: Are they
always there to help us?
>>GRILLO: Yes.
Yeah, sometimes it
doesn't feel like it.
But, yes, they are.
>>NOORY: No, sometimes
there's some difficult times.
>>GRILLO: Yes.
>>NOORY: Who sends them to us?
>>GRILLO: Well, I think we
ask for them, or we have them.
So we can have them consciously
come to us by asking for them.
But the source of all
that is-- creator, God,
whatever it is, whatever
term you believe in.
What I know is that they've
been here before the Bible.
They've been here way
longer than religion.
And we see even
in cave paintings,
signs of beings,
whatever you want
to call them, here supporting
us, teaching us, and guiding
us.
So just depending on your
framework, they're here.
Whoever sent them,
we can't be sure.
You can call it God.
But we know that
they're here to help us.
>>NOORY: Now, the angels
that you've dealt with
are benevolent.
Do you ever come across angels
that aren't, the fallen ones?
>>GRILLO: Yes.
I think when I tuned into the
angel world or they gave me
a little cosmic smack--
hey, we're real--
it took me a while to
really clue in that
the other guys were real, too--
the dark--
>>NOORY: The darker side.
>>GRILLO: --the darkness
or the darker side.
Yeah.
So in working with
clients, back when
I was doing a lot
of one-on-one work,
yeah, I would start looking
at them intuitively,
and see some presence
with them, and start work
with the archangels
and the angels
to do some clearing
work on them.
So, yeah.
I do believe that they're real.
They're happening.
And they are very sneaky.
Because they don't show--
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>GRILLO: --up with-- well,
they don't show up with horns
on their head with
a goatee and a--
>>NOORY: Yeah, you think
they're the good ones--
>>GRILLO: --trident.
>>NOORY: --right?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, right.
No, they don't
show up like that.
They come to us
through our mind.
And they start punking
us in the thoughts
that we're having
and start really
getting us to believe the
negative thoughts that we're
having and propagate
the negativity
and the fear-based stuff.
>>NOORY: Our dear friend,
author, and psychologist Dr.
Raymond Moody has talked
on Gaia's Legacy program
about some of our significant
others and the ways
that they may be
trying to contact us.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- It is a common
human experience
after the death of a
love one for people
to have some sort of
significant message
from the departed person.
And there are several
variants of this.
Some people will say that in the
middle of the day when they're
in full waking
consciousness, the apparition
of the departed person will
just appear in their home.
Other people will say
that they experience
an apparition of the
deceased loved one,
while they are lying in
bed on the verge of sleep.
Not asleep, but in
that drifty situation.
They see the apparition standing
often at the foot of the bed.
And a third type in which
people will say that--
they have to call this a
dream, because they were asleep
when it occurred,
but that it didn't
have the quality of a dream.
It actually seemed
to be a visitation
with a departed loved one.
So those are the three
main ways of people
receiving communications
from dead relatives.
In our world, this
happens spontaneously.
But in the ancient
Greek and Roman worlds,
there were ways of actually
bringing these experiences
about.
So they had institutions
where people
would go to have
visionary encounters
with their departed loved ones.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Have you had
experience, Corina,
with our departed loved ones?
>>GRILLO: Oh, of course.
Yes, yes.
>>NOORY: Tell me about that.
>>GRILLO: When you
work with angels,
especially when I'm working
or when I've worked on other
people, often angels
will bring over--
will bring through a
departed loved one,
especially if this person really
needs to make that connection.
So, yes, I've had experiences
with my own mother
who passed several years ago--
or decades ago, actually.
And so, yeah.
What's amazing since
the miracle that
happened for me is that my
spiritual senses got activated.
And then I was guided to
teach other people, also,
about how to open up
their intuitive senses.
And so what's amazing
is that we are hardwired
to make these spiritual
connections with the divine,
with angels, with
departed loved ones.
And until we really acknowledge
that magical part of us,
these "spiritual gifts"
that I don't feel
are gifts-- they're actually--
we're born with them.
They just atrophy over time.
The more that you really learn
and open up to these realities,
the more that they become
quite obvious to you.
>>NOORY: What do
you say to somebody
who has had some
significant others
pass, but they haven't
communicated with them
and they're all depressed?
My brother who died two years
ago and he's not contacting me.
What do you say to them?
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
Well, usually, I work
with the archangel.
So Archangel Azrael
sometimes helps
with opening up grief and
helping people heal from grief.
But it's really about
getting the person
to slow down and get out of the
pain mind, back into the love
field.
Because that's where
our people still live.
Even though their bodies
have transitioned,
we still access
them through love.
And often, people
can start feeling
the presence of
their own loved ones
or get direct communication.
I think the key for
all of us is learning
how to trust our intuition,
and trust these thoughts,
and trust these feelings.
And often, spirit angels
will get our attention
the more that we engage them.
And they will bring
synchronicities, or miracles,
or birds, or nature, or whatever
it is in your frameworks
so that you learn how
to trust even more.
>>NOORY: Do they send us
signs like numbers or things
we look at, just to
say, there they are?
>>GRILLO: Yes.
Yes.
And departed loved
ones will do that.
And angels will
definitely do that.
That's a huge part
of my work is--
the experiment is you
tell me if they're
real after these 21 days.
Because what happens for people
is incredible synchronicities.
>>NOORY: Doors open.
>>GRILLO: Crazy doors open.
I mean, it's so fun.
It's fun to get the feedback,
and to read the emails,
or to see people light
up our community boards
with the cool things that
happen for them along the way.
So that's what's so
fun about this work.
I didn't learn about angels
because I read it in a book.
I've learned because they made
their presence known to me.
And essentially,
it's been my mission
to teach other people how to
open up their eyes properly
so that they can see the
divine footprints that they're
leaving behind.
>>NOORY: And with
some of these signs--
for example, let's
say your departed
loved one was born on April 8.
And all of a sudden,
you're driving,
thinking of the person.
You're sad.
You want to communicate.
And you see a
driver's license plate
or a license plate on a car
that says 4-8 or something.
Are those signs?
>>GRILLO: Oh, absolutely.
And each person knows
more than anything.
It's not just what happens.
It's a feeling that you get.
You make that connection.
And that's what we
need to learn to trust
is the feeling that comes
along with the event.
So, absolutely.
I definitely had one of those
happen with my own mother.
And it was a license plate.
>>NOORY: It's cool
when it happens.
>>GRILLO: It was
a license plate.
Yeah.
And I was saying mom, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah.
>>NOORY: Or you see a billboard
or something like that.
>>GRILLO: Yeah, yeah.
And the license plate
that had numbers.
And then the middle was mom.
And I was like, oh, hi, mom.
And I had an amazing experience
happen with one of my clients.
We were doing-- in the middle
of a session and my phone--
I was playing this
certain kind of music.
My phone kept on
switching to ABBA.
And I mean, just by
itself, switching to ABBA.
>>NOORY: "Dancing Queen."
>>GRILLO: I know, which
I'm like, OK, let's boogie.
So I thought it was just
a glitch in my phone.
And then so it happened
like three times.
So, finally, I just
slowed down and asked
if there's anybody else here.
And so I saw this
beautiful blonde woman
who looked like the
lead singer of ABBA.
And I started
describing her to her.
She's like, oh, that's my mom.
And so she said,
yeah, she loved ABBA.
And she looks like ABBA.
>>NOORY: How cool.
>>GRILLO: I know.
So cool, right?
OK, the coolest part
was that her session
was on her mom's birthday.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
So she's like, oh, my gosh.
It's my mom's birthday today.
She wants to have a party.
So she came because she wanted
to party with her daughter
on her birthday.
>>NOORY: A lot of people
report seeing 111 or 11:11
all the time.
They'll look at clocks--
>>GRILLO: Oh, for sure.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: --or just
wherever they are.
What does that mean?
What's the significance?
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
I mean, there's a lot
of theories about that.
But what I can say is
that any time there's
number frequencies and multiple
numbers coming around you all
the time, there's a
universal resonance.
That's like you're in a
harmonic of the universe.
And so 111 is often seen as
a portal towards a new entry
point of life.
But there's a lot of
theories and a lot
of different frameworks on that.
And a lot of people
have different meanings
of different numbers like 444.
They say it's an angel number.
I stay away from like, let's
all have to define something.
I much prefer to put the power
back into the individual's hand
and ask questions like,
what does that mean for you?
And guide them into
feeling into the truth
that they're getting fed.
Because if you stop
in those moments
and you ask spirit or you
ask your higher self, hey,
what does that mean?
You'll get an answer.
>>NOORY: Well, it is.
It's incredible when
you see those numbers.
I mean, it's almost
laughable, because you
know something is happening.
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
So that happens to you?
>>NOORY: Oh, all the time.
All the time.
I see primarily the 11:11.
I have a digital
clock in my studio,
back in Los Angeles
for my radio show.
And I'm on the air at 10
o'clock PM to 2:00 AM.
And I got to tell you.
At 11 o'clock-- and it
even reads seconds--
I'll see 11, 11, 11, 11.
Bang, bang ,bang, bang, bang.
>>GRILLO: Oh, wow.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's miraculous.
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
I mean, I just feel
for you, that's
just validation you're
doing the right thing.
You're in the right
place at the right time.
You're doing the right
work for you, which
is really, really obvious.
>>NOORY: Angels--
do they have names?
>>GRILLO: Yeah,
sometimes they do.
So the first angel that I was
aware of-- that was my guardian
angel--
Stanley.
>>NOORY: Stanley was his name?
>>GRILLO: Right.
I know.
Hey, look, I was judging, too.
>>NOORY: Stanley?
>>GRILLO: I was judging, too.
And I was like, you can't do
anything better than that?
So, yeah, Stanley.
And so here's the thing.
I was like, Stanley?
Are you sure it's Stanley?
And then so I'm driving
down the street.
And I look over.
And it's Stanley's
Donuts right there.
And so that's a
validation that-- yes.
>>NOORY: What's an archangel?
>>GRILLO: An archangel are
the heavies, the big cheeses.
>>NOORY: The Michaels,
the Gabriels?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, yeah.
So there is the main four
that are noted in the Bible.
There's others noted
in older ancient texts.
But how I was shown
this by spirit
is that if you imagine
that archangels are giant
and they wear these
beautiful robes.
When they open up their
robe, then there's
all these other angels
in there that are still
maintaining their frequency.
So Archangel Michael
is a warrior.
And he stamps down
darkness and evil and fear.
And so when he
opens up his robes,
the legions of angels that help
to battle some of those darker
energies go out and
wrap around the world.
And those could include our
guardian angels as well.
>>NOORY: Well, talking
about evil, back in 2014,
I interviewed Laura Lee.
And we talked about
the difference
between angels and demons.
Here we are.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- What's the difference between
an angel and something evil--
a demon, for example?
- What's the difference?
- Is there a difference?
They're both spirits, right?
- I think they're both spirits.
And they're all
part of the plan.
I think the darker
entities are there
to help us remember
there is a light.
And sometimes I think
they all work together,
so we recognize it's our light.
I don't know if you've
heard that quote before,
but I think Marianne
Williamson said it
so brilliantly that "It's
not our darkness that we're
most frightened of.
It's our light that
we're scared of."
- That's because we
don't understand it.
- We don't.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: We don't
understand it, do we?
>>GRILLO: No, we don't.
>>NOORY: Well, should we?
Do we need to know about the
dark forces, about the demons?
>>GRILLO: I don't
think you have to.
I think it's a wise
thing to understand.
Because the way that they
influence can be so sneaky.
And so suicidal
people, people who
suffer a lot with
depression, anxiety,
or who have night terrors,
and they wonder why.
What's going on?
A lot of-- I've seen it
happen over and over again,
where once we do a clearing with
some of these dark energies,
that they just
magically feel better.
All of a sudden,
they're not suicidal.
And so I think it's just
important to be aware.
I think there's even a
lot of spiritual people
who want to deny the
reality of the dark.
And I think that's
really dangerous.
Because that's where
the darkness comes.
It comes through ignorance.
>>NOORY: Be careful of
things you wish for.
You never know.
>>GRILLO: Right.
>>NOORY: Well, with
these demonic forces,
what about people who
dabble with Ouija boards?
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
I mean--
>>NOORY: Wouldn't
that open up a portal?
>>GRILLO: Well, I think just
being alive opens up a portal.
And Ouija boards-- yeah, sure.
They can open you up
to the spirit realm.
It doesn't necessarily have
to be negative entities coming
through, but it can.
I feel like people are misguided
when they think it's just,
oh, Tarot cards are
going to open it up.
Really, being alive
is going to open us up
to dark energy and dark forces.
And when you look at
these mass murders,
or when you look
in the news and you
see the mug shots of
people, and you really
look into their eyes,
that's a demonic possession.
And I'm pretty sure they
weren't rocking the Ouija board
right before those.
They're just being humans.
And for one reason
or another, we
can be susceptible and
channels, both to the darkness
and to the light.
So each human has to make a
choice with which frequency
they're going to align with,
meaning you're going to align
with fear, paranoia,
or you're going
to align with love, and
unity consciousness,
and beautiful things.
>>NOORY: What creates pure evil?
>>GRILLO: Oh, I think
source created pure evil,
but I think evil
is misunderstood.
So evil is an energy that helps,
like I said earlier, separate.
And we need that separation
in order to experience love,
like you and me relating.
We need this energy
that separates
us, that disconnects us so
that we can come back together.
So I believe that
it's just part of how
our universe is organized.
But the evil, in a sense, has
turned from just separation
into fear and into this
other polarity that's yuck.
But humans have a unique
ability to insulate ourselves
from that polarity.
But we have to become aware of
when we're playing that game.
>>NOORY: Has evil tried to
influence you and stop you,
because of the
goodness that you do?
>>GRILLO: Yes.
And I will say I'm
nothing special.
Because those dark energies
try and stop us all.
They punk us all into
not living our best life.
They keep us in maybe jobs that
we know are making us suffer.
They keep us, in a sense,
of not dreaming bigger,
because we'll never
be able to do it.
So absolutely yes.
One of the funniest ways that
they do it in my business
is by infiltrating my
assistance in a way.
All of a sudden, they'll start
making a bunch of mistakes.
And, oh--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>GRILLO: --it's so annoying.
Yes.
And I feel the energy of it.
It's like, ooh, it's going on.
>>NOORY: They're trying
get to you that way.
>>GRILLO: They're trying
to get me to quit.
So it takes me a while
to clue in, right?
So then I just do a
healing on my business,
and in my software, and my
computers, and their computers.
And then just like magic,
everything is fine after that.
So, yeah.
>>NOORY: If you read
Genesis in the Bible
and take out the
phrases of angels,
because they're
all over the place,
and replace it with
extraterrestrials,
you could also make
the theory that angels
are really ETs from other
worlds, other planets.
What do you think of that?
>>GRILLO: I
wholeheartedly agree.
>>NOORY: Doesn't mean
there aren't angels,
but the Bible could make
reference to extraterrestrials.
>>GRILLO: Absolutely.
I believe that when you look at
it objectively, it really does.
If you take all the big
meaning away from it and go,
hey, here's something
coming down,
a big chariot of fire
coming down from the sky,
it gets pretty obvious.
And I'm not here to decide
for anybody what angels are,
what aliens are.
But all I know is that there
are beings that are beyond
physical, beyond the
Earth sphere that
have come through
certain periods of time
to come and visit.
And so, yes, there are angels.
And I also believe
that sometimes there
could be some crossover.
>>NOORY: Can we
avoid the dark side?
>>GRILLO: I don't know if
it's about avoiding it.
>>NOORY: We're
always combated by it
and hit with it every day.
Bombarded by it
is a better word.
>>GRILLO: Yeah, so
we are hit by it.
But it's actually not
that hard to become
resilient and insulated to it.
The best way that
I know how to do
that is to acknowledge your own
spiritual nature and your own--
the force of love that
is bigger than you.
I know a lot of
people have resistance
to using words like God.
But if you just
acknowledge that there's
this potent force of love that's
there to support you and align
with you, then that
helps increase and boost
your personal power and
your personal radiance.
And when you start
shining like a light,
you just naturally become
a little more resilient.
But nobody-- I don't
believe anybody
is fully resilient to it.
>>NOORY: If somebody
comes to you and wants
help to reach their angelic
realm, how do you start?
What do you do?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, so if they're
coming to me in sessions--
>>NOORY: You have no idea
who these people are.
But they say, I want
to reach my angel.
What do you do?
>>GRILLO: Oh, yeah.
So it's actually way, way
easier than most people think.
>>NOORY: You just hand
them the book and say,
you have 21 days--
>>GRILLO: [INAUDIBLE] the book.
>>NOORY: --to work on it?
>>GRILLO: Here's my book.
Read it.
>>NOORY: Read the book.
>>GRILLO: Yeah,
so that's one way.
Actually, I do have a lot
of courses and programs
that put people into direct
contact with the angelic realm.
But if they were coming
to me one on one,
I essentially work
with their energy body.
The number one thing
that everybody has to do
is detox their energy field,
which I didn't know about,
I didn't necessarily believe in.
But we are carrying all this
crust around us from our life
and possibly
lifetimes that really
block us from the truth
and reality of spirit.
So the first step is
always just detoxing
from just the invisible
crest you're carrying around.
Because that automatically
brings incredible peace
and connection to people.
And I remember one of the
first, most amazing testimonials
that I got.
In the beginning when
I started inviting--
when I started doing angel
work in my therapy practice,
that was weird.
But, yeah, I started doing angel
work in my therapy practice.
One of the best testimonials
that I had was she called me.
And she said thank you
for introducing me to God.
And she was an atheist--
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>GRILLO: --said she had such
a deep and powerful experience.
And the reason why she did-- it
was because I just detoxed her
for the first time in 35 years.
>>NOORY: Do angels want
to live like we do?
>>GRILLO: I don't know
if anybody would sign up
for what we signed up for.
I mean, come on.
>>NOORY: I would.
>>GRILLO: You would
if you were an angel?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GRILLO: Oh, gosh.
OK, the polarity here
is really intense.
And the frequency of
separation is very--
it's hard to describe.
But I don't know
if angels would--
angels do want to
come and support us
and do project their
energy into human form
to intercede every
once in a while.
But I have not
experienced human envy.
I'm not sure about hu--.
So I'll have to check in
with the angels about that.
>>NOORY: If you want to detox
spiritually, how do you start?
>>GRILLO: Yeah,
so the first step
is acknowledging that you
have not just a physical body,
but an energy body.
And this energy body is
like a car that is there.
It's like a vehicle for you.
>>NOORY: Is it your astral body?
>>GRILLO: It's an astral body.
It's all of the elements of
the astral body, the soul
body, and all the bodies
that people talk about,
and the energy bodies
like the mental body,
the emotional bodies,
all of that stuff.
But most of us don't
acknowledge that.
Because of our excessive
rational thinking,
we only believe what
our eyes show us.
So because we don't
acknowledge the energy body,
we don't service it.
And we know about we're going to
go jogging, and health, and all
of that stuff.
But we don't do
nearly enough support
for our energetic health.
So if you don't service a
car engine for 35 years,
what's going to happen to it?
It's going to seize up.
And when your
energy body seizes,
that's when your physical health
starts going down the tubes,
and all the other stuff
starts going down the tubes.
So the first step is
just acknowledging
that you have an energy body.
And you know who's really great
at helping you detox the energy
body is Archangel Michael.
So you could call an Archangel
Michael and just say, hey,
can you clear the crust, clear
the anger, clear the fear?
>>NOORY: He's the
warrior, isn't he?
>>GRILLO: Yeah, Yeah.
But our crust is usually
fear-based energy.
So he can detox you, even if
you have entities with you.
If you have demons,
entities, darkness,
you don't even have to
know that it's there.
Just assume you got
something in your space.
And you can just ask him to suck
away energy from your organs
and from your energy body.
And if there's any
entities hanging out
in your space that
don't belong there,
you can ask him to take
those away as well.
>>NOORY: I wanted to wrap up
with another story of a guy who
said he was swimming
in the ocean.
And his friends are on the
beach side just waving at him.
And he's going out farther,
and farther, and farther.
And a current is taking him out.
All of a sudden, he
realizes, I can't get back.
And he falls down.
And he's plunging.
He's sinking.
He's under water.
And he said this is it.
This is how I'm going to die.
He said at that
moment, a hand reaches
through the top of the water.
He sees a hand.
He reaches up.
And it grabs him
and pulls him up.
And he's gasping for
air, but he's alive.
He's out.
And he's starting to swim back,
but he realizes, oh, my God.
I got to thank that person.
He turns and there's
nobody there.
How do these angels do this?
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
I mean, it's so mysterious.
And I've heard so many
different stories of just
divine intervention like that.
My sense is it takes a
lot of energy to do that.
And it really happens,
from what I understand,
when it's not
someone's time to go.
And really, the only way
to sometimes pull out
a physical body is through
manifesting in a physical way.
>>NOORY: And I guess it changes
their life forever, doesn't it?
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
I mean, that's the whole point.
>>NOORY: Who
wouldn't after that?
>>GRILLO: Yeah.
No.
It's pretty intense when you
have an experience like that.
It's a game changer.
It changes everything.
>>NOORY: Corin, thanks
for being on the program.
>>GRILLO: Oh, thanks
for having me, George.
>>NOORY: It's very special.
>>GRILLO: Yeah, so nice--
>>NOORY: Very special.
>>GRILLO: --to be here.
>>NOORY: Well, we knew
that in this episode,
we explored how to
start communicating
with angels and the different
signs that they might send us.
And if you feel the desire
to become angel empowered,
check out Corin's book,
"The Angel Experiment."
And what's your website?
>>GRILLO: www.coringrillo.com.
>>NOORY: You got it.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]